Release 2.3.0 (#88)
cevi/automatic_walk-time_tables: python_program/Readme.md

is `./output/`. A full documentation of all command line arguments can be found
here: [Command Line Arguments](automatic_walk_time_tables/Command_Line_Arguments.md).

## Test and Debug Tools

> Make sure that your system fulfill the prerequisites as described in the section above, i.g. you should be able to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that your system fulfills the prerequisites as described in the section above, i.e. you should be able to run
```

the `automatic_walk_time_tables` script locally using python3.

## About swisstopo Services

> This script highly depends on the services form swisstopo (Federal Office of Topography swisstopo). Those services are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script highly depends on the services from swisstopo (Federal Office of Topography swisstopo). Those services are
```
